# Hindenberg Watchdog
<p style="font-size: 16px;"> The goal of this script is to capitalize on the periodic research releases by Hindenburg Research and their associates. In virtually all publications on their website, http://www.hindenburgresearch.com/, the associated stock value mentioned drops a  significant amount.
Within the script there are a few different components. After running, the script will loop continuously until it notice a new publication on Hindenburg's website - the script will proceed to search for mention of the stock's ticker as well as an indication that Hindenburg Research themselves took a short position. Once these components are found and it is confirmed that the ticker in the new publication does not match the ticker from the previous publication, the script will proceed to enter into our short position using Alpaca API.
It's worth noting that this script is currently set to assume what I believe is a static 10% drop in the underlying stock's price - this probably isn't suitable in all cases - steps should be taken to incorporate the user's (you) risk tolerance into the position taken to ensure and this can be done by altering the code in the script (note for myself : insert lines here for user altering the script).
Disclaimer: I am not a registered financial advisor and none of this information should be taken as financial advice. The script provided is for educational purposes only and should only be used for paper trading and never on a live trading platform. Let's get this bread.</p>

